You come home from school and you stare at me like you're about to become the best actor ever.
No kidding.
What you are deciding to do, you must always give your best.
What is the company looking for you today?
He didn't say anything, which meant don't disappoint his and the director's expectations for me, let me behave.
Try early so that the previously not strong elegant demeanor meets the divine again.
I really don't know what's good about you, whether it's Chen Dao or White Prince.
I don't know why.
This White Prince has always given me a kind of familiar feeling that I can't explain.
If anything happens, I, you mean you used to be Prince White.
Not just smart.
It was like a reunion after a long period of separation after being together all day and night.
Why are you crying with that look?
So you two are...
That relationship.
What relationship?
That's what you used to say.
Good color
It doesn't make sense.
Before, though, it was flying.
But there was good fruit, good strength, and left a gift for the Great Sage.
Can you defame yourself again at will?
He was angry when he finished.
I should be kidding.
So if you don't tell me the story of your love and the Queen's deception.
Women shouldn't, you know.
I've changed from Shanghai to the great general manager.
The talent of a product.